# Senior product designer

We're interested in hiring a senior product designer to join Context to help us
build rug.fun.

This role is remote for people in North American and European time zones only.
If you are based in SF and prefer in person, we're happy to offer flexible
remote/in person work.

### Working at Context

Context is a company formed with the goal of making web3 more fun and human.

We are the founding team behind [mint.fun](https://mint.fun).
[mint.fun](https://mint.fun) was acquired by Zora in 2024.

We now work on [rug.fun](https://rug.fun) – a new way to launch tokens
competitively onchain. While rug.fun is early, we believe it has the potential
to be the next important social primitive in crypto.

We're an early stage startup that's raised $19,500,000 from investors like
[Variant](https://variant.fund), [Dragonfly](https://dragonfly.xyz), and [Sam
Altman](https://twitter.com/sama) to build the future of human readable web3.

### What we're looking for

#### Expert level design proficiency

A strong portfolio showcasing your expertise in user interface design for web
platforms. Be proactive with good time management, and do not be afraid to share
ideas. Our design structure revolves around individual contributors (ICs), and
everyone's work will have a big impact.

#### Fluent in Figma + feature handoff

Have the desire to improve our current design system and be comfortable with
design handoff to engineers. As we are a 100% remote team who communicates our
project details through Linear, good feature documentation skills are crucial.

#### Passion about UX

Demonstrated skills in creating intuitive and delightful user experiences. We
are always thinking of new ways to make the site more fun, but as it grows, so
does the difficulty of keeping it simple. You should be passionate about
maintaining our design principles of simple UX, anti-hype, and fun.

#### Innovation and vision

A creative thinker with a passion for exploring new ideas and contributing to
rapid product evolution. You should be curious about new developments in smart
contract technology and be able to brainstorm creative ways we could design
around them.

#### Experience in web3

Familiarity with web3 and blockchain is a plus

### What does design at Context look like?

As a key member of our product design team, you'll showcase your proficiency to
craft visually stunning and intuitive experiences. Your work will have a
significant impact to the team as one of two designers at Context.

You’ll incorporate your prototyping skills and attention to detail into our
platform's design language to enhance motion, aesthetics, and overall website
polish.

You'll also leverage your proficiency in Figma to improve our existing design
system, ensuring its scalability and efficiency. Collaborating with engineers,
you'll confidently handle design handoff, ensuring seamless communication
through Linear.

You'll be passionate about delivering delightful user experiences and constantly
thinking of innovative ways to make our site more enjoyable. While the
complexity grows, you'll uphold our design principles of simplicity and fun.

You’re open minded and flexible, responsive to feedback, and you’re ready to
design things that may have not been on our roadmap. We are constantly
experimenting and pushing ourselves to figure out the best experience for our
users, and you are passionate about exploring this challenge with us.

### Benefits and compensation

For this role, we're offering a salary range of $150K-$275K + generous equity.
We also have benefits such as:

- fully covered dental & health insurance for you and dependents
- yearly offsites where you can meet the team in person
- a hybrid/flex remote culture. Come into the SF office if you want to, or work
  remotely

### Applying and our process

To get started, please email [rugdesigner@rug.fun](mailto:rugdesigner@rug.fun)
with a link to your work. We're really excited to see your portfolio and prioritize
applications that show a body of work.

Once we get a chance to read your application, we'll move to a phone interview
where we can discuss your background, work and what you want in a job. You'll
have the opportunity to ask any questions about Context of course.

After getting to meet you, if it's a good fit, we'll offer you a paid work
project to get a sense of how you solve problems. If we move to a formal
interview, we'll definitely use your work sample to anchor our conversations -
why did you use X approach?

From there, we're flexible about how to move forward. For candidates we're
excited about, we can either offer you a paid contracting role or move to a full
time offer. It can be nice to have a full blown work trial, but we understand
that might not work for everyone.

If you have any questions or feedback about this process, please do ask! We
definitely want to iterate on it to make it as no nonsense, transparent, and
friendly as possible.
